[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee so I want to do a quick video on the
iPhone 7 not a review - some quick
thoughts about it overall I really like
the phone I think it's a nice upgrade
from the 6s I've been using my iPhone
more frequently than my android phones
recently and this is a nice upgrade
overall there's nothing I really dislike
about it the headphone jack is annoying
I'm still not used to it and the button
like the click list button yeah not a
big fan of that but I think overall it's
a nice phone but what I do want to talk
about is the color so matte black or
black whatever they call it and jet
black or scratchy black is this one's
actually covered in a deep brand skin
they are not good colors this is super
slippery if you're the type of person
that wants to rock their phone naked and
you don't use a case and you don't use a
skin this thing is you're going to drop
this thing almost for sure and scratchy
black is it just scratches way too
easily this is a phone that looks
amazing coming out of the box the moment
you touch it
everybody starts look weird the moment
you put it in your pocket it's going to
pick up a scratch it's a nice looking
phone out of the box if you're going to
get the jet black
I really recommend not just getting a
case for it because it'll still scratch
up get a skin on it and it kind of
defeats the purpose of getting a jet
black phone in the first place because I
can't see it but at least every time you
like peel off the skin you can look at
it for a day and be like oh I have a jet
black phone this is beautiful but then
you're gonna have to scan it back up but
the color that's better than either of
those is the white phone but even better
than a regular white phone is a custom
Dave 2d teal phone okay here's the deal
I'm doing a giveaway for it I haven't
done a giveaway for a long time so
dbrand skinned a custom iPhone 7 for me
it's just the white model white and
silver and then they put my logo on it
with a lot of my color all over it I
think it looks really cool and the best
part about it all is that there's only
going to be two people in the world with
this phone me and the winner of this
contest so how do you win it it's super
simple all you need to do is write a
comment in the comment section down
below please subscribe to my channel and
follow me on Twitter I'm going to post
the winner on Twitter and
the winner for that will be announced on
another date today it's going to be two
weekends from now so not this coming
weekend but the weekend after that so
about a week and a half from today I'll
be posting the winner on Twitter and
that's all there is to it hope you guys
win one of you guys will win hope it's
someone cool thumbs if you like this
video subs if you loved it it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time
[Music]